they are going out manual and a mill the
Uruguayan national bag to the river
sending the judas bag and he tells the
acquis is good if you doubt my employer to
know well the picture committed to the case
comes rosende bien rosendo rosell de
prayer supporting Chavez comes chaves
to see coco income as in writing with the
first with ten elements is playing
the picture these are correspond
he used polenta at 35 the defender in the
first time another best destination
by valencia valencia supporting by
that couple
what if
in that sense brito and the 22nd and 23rd and 22nd
of the 24 minutes of the second half
on the date it is done is to talk about these
42 30 of 36 years of absence you want
but the new story in this cup
liberators of america
cerebral here in history that is
chile and in the middle east and america already
all in having that we have appetite for
glory and be proud not be the
opening of the account one seemed
with the amount for Parisians
to be shouted here in santa laura
to 14,000 kilometers there in the middle
orient the goal of Palestinian 36
years in the liberators cup was
attacking by the right david been very
boarding school takes out the center if the cow
diego chávez to the appearance of the very good
party that has made roser de colo
crown with a goal of the first new shows
the right down nothing cancer for me
there are no Palestinians to national action
they feel to be a man you need to get
des percent materials against that
list and take a greengrocer or out
matter all